VIII - A SEA OF PROMISES
- AMICIA: (EXHALES)
The sea is so quiet.
Nothing but the horizon.
Enjoy.
(WAVES CRASHING)
Animals.
Maybe from... Africa?
Looks like Hugo played with them.
Hope he didn't break anything.
It was so good to sleep.
Herbs and unguents.
The one she gave to Hugo worked well.
I hope he's feeling better.
Such a nice bed.
Our captain has good taste.
That smell...
Incense... That's amazing.
Hm...
The Mediterranean Sea
La Cuna should be somewhere here.
This one?
Or this one?
Necklaces, rings...
Quite the elegant lady.
(WAVES CRASHING)
Hey, sailor.
Still at your post?
Anything to report?
An island, maybe?
- HUGO: Not yet.
But it's so beautiful!
The colours keep changing.
And I'm seeing huge fishes.
Maybe a dolphin.
- AMICIA: That's great.
So... it survived the fire?
- ARNAUD: Yes, it would take more than that.
It survives Spain...
Burgundy...
Guyenne...
Well... Barely at the time.
- AMICIA: That's where it broke?
- ARNAUD: Yes.
The only time it...
...failed to protect.
- AMICIA: You?
- ARNAUD: No.
Someone I shared my coat of arms with.
- AMICIA: Oh...
I-I see.
It's a... sad memory to keep then.
- ARNAUD: Some memories
don't want to be let go of, child.
- AMICIA: I think I know what you mean.
- SOPHIA: Hey you two,
the sail's pulling portside.
I need a hand.
- ARNAUD: Go pull the rope on the other side.
I'll give you some slacks on mine.
- AMICIA: Understood.
Got it.
I... just... love this.
It's good on my side.
Arnaud?
- ARNAUD: Me too.
- SOPHIA: Well done!
- AMICIA: We can't see the continent anymore.
Mother...
Lucas...
I hope you're safe.
Hey.
It must be great to pilot this thing.
- SOPHIA: It's worth all the other troubles.
Come on. Take it.
- AMICIA: Oh... Ah...
- SOPHIA: Go on,
you won't crash into anything.
So?
- AMICIA: It's amazing!
- SOPHIA: It's the sea you feel.
It's freedom.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
For taking us.
- SOPHIA: Thank Arnaud.
I'm not usually so kind.
- AMICIA: Oh.
- SOPHIA: He's a bastard, I know.
He has reasons to be, deep scars.
Not that I excuse it...
- HUGO: Amicia! Amicia!
- AMICIA: Oh... Duty calls.
I'm sorry.
- SOPHIA: You're welcome.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
- HUGO: Amicia, come!
Look! There's something there!
That's it! La Cuna!
It's exactly like in my dreams.
Thank you.
- AMICIA: Whatever's there...
we'll find it together.
Island explorers.
- HUGO: Yes.
You know...
It's not important if I die.
- AMICIA: What? What are you talking about?
- HUGO: The Magister Vaudin told me
I'm going to die.
- AMICIA: God, no, Hugo. I'm so sorry.
It won't happen.
- HUGO: Don't be sad.
I'm happy to be here.
This boat is the best and...
I like Sophia.
And Arnaud, even if you don't like him.
- SOPHIA: Sorry.
Just wanted to say,
we'll be preparing to make land soon.
I'll need your help.
Just... Come see me when you're ready.
- AMICIA: Yes, sure.
I'm happy to be here with you.
Wow... She only has some
real treasures down here.
She must've travelled a lot
to get all these.
And now she'll probably sell them legally.
Books.
Pretty rare.
Ah yes... That's Arnaud's.
Can't believe I heard him
snore through the storm.
Is the island still in sight?
- HUGO: We're approaching it.
Did Sophia teach you
how to pilot the boat?
- AMICIA: She did, indeed.
Mind spending some time
with your old sister?
- HUGO: (LAUGHS)
You're not... old!
Say...
How does Sophia know the way to La Cuna.
- AMICIA: Tools, probably.
There might be some around.
Or we can ask her.
- HUGO: Yes!
- AMICIA: Hi.
- HUGO: It's a great shield.
- ARNAUD: It does its job.
Saved my life ... enough.
- HUGO: I like the bird on it.
- ARNAUD: It's a griffin.
Half lion and half eagle.
So you're half right.
It was my coat of arms.
Courage and Cunning, that's me.
- HUGO: Our coat of arms is a tree.
- ARNAUD: Ah... It's a good crest too.
Strength, stability, wisdom.
- AMICIA: That's all us.
Come on, Hugo.
Down to the hole.
- HUGO: Wow.
Is this really all hers?
- AMICIA: I suppose so.
Unless she stole from her crew.
Now this will interest you.
- HUGO: Oh.
What is it?
- AMICIA: It's an astrolabe.
Father told me once that you use it
to find your way by the stars.
- HUGO: Oh...
Can we try it now?
- AMICIA: Maybe at night, we'll see.
Hey, look! A compass.
- HUGO: Can I hold it?
- AMICIA: Yes, but... be careful.
- HUGO: It's heavy.
- AMICIA: That needle
always shows where north is.
- HUGO: It moves when I move.
- AMICIA: Well... Just stop moving then.
- HUGO: Here... The island
is in the south. Right?
- AMICIA: Right where we're heading.
- HUGO: Can I keep it to play?
- AMICIA: Yes, but... don't break it.
Unless you want to face Sophia.
Climb first.
- HUGO: Alright.
Hugo and Amicia on deck.
- AMICIA: Yes, we're here.
- SOPHIA: We know.
- HUGO: Listen all, I'm captain De Rune.
And I say we're going south.
The compass says so.
So you all listen to the compass.
- AMICIA: A great leader - The compass.
(CHUCKLES)
(SEAGULLS SOUND)
(WOOD CREAKING)
- HUGO: Whoo hoo!
Prepare to board! (CHUCKLES)
- ARNAUD: Hi.
Alright people, come.
- HUGO: My turn.
- SOPHIA: I'll stay. I'll fix
a few things here and I'll join you later.
- AMICIA: Fine. We'll take a tour
while it's still light.
And find a place to sleep.
- SOPHIA: Sounds good.
By the way...
This land is under the Count's law.
Be nice.
See?
- AMICIA: I see.
- WOMAN: Welcome to La Cuna.
This is for you, my child.
We're so honoured by your presence.
- HUGO: Thank you.
- ARNAUD: Looks like we have a new king.
- HUGO: Good king Hugo.
- WOMAN: That's right!
During the Brighter Days...
All children are kings.
Just like the Child of Embers
who watches over our island.
Your presence is a blessing.
Because you're the future.
Just like him.
For heal and deliver
all of us from the darkness.
Please enjoy the festivities.
- HUGO: Thank you.
- AMICIA: Goodbye.
Wow...
That's a pretty good start, no?
- ARNAUD: No wonder what the church
would think of this.
They seem successful.
- AMICIA: Pray it we're successful.
Well, come on, Your Majesty.
(CHUCKLES)
- HUGO: We're in my dream, Amicia.
It's the most beautiful place I've seen.
- AMICIA: It's very beautiful, yes.
But now we need to find
whatever called you here.
- MAN: Welcome.
The market is just up the street.
Plenty for you too see.
- HUGO: Let's go. Quick!
- AMICIA: Yes.
- ARNAUD: Hey, wait wait.
So I heard of this dream and...
Well, I'd like to help...
But first I must know
what you're searching for.
- AMICIA: Alright... So it's... uh...
It-It's a bit strange but...
Well...
Go on, Hugo.
- HUGO: Yes.
In my dream...
I woke up on a beach.
And... I was sick and scared.
But... a big bird came
and I followed him.
I thought I was dying.
But the bird showed me
water that healed me.
And there was a huge tree too.
And that's where I wake up each time.
- ARNAUD: Good. So...
Bird... Tree... And water...
Hmm... Could be anywhere.
But I guess it's a start.
- AMICIA: We can ask at the market. Come on.
- HUGO: Oh, it's amazing!
- AMICIA: So many colours.
And perfumes.
- HUGO: Amicia, can we ask people
about my dream?
- ARNAUD: Hey, you shouldn't tell them
that it's a dream.
And don't ask too many people.
You never know.
- AMICIA: Yes...
I'll ask.
Hello, sir.
Would you...
- HUGO: Is there a magic pond here?
With bird and trees?
- AMICIA: (SIGHS)
- MAN: (CHUCKLES)
I'm not from here, you know.
I just come for the market.
- HUGO: Maybe you have a bird.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
Well, thank you, sir.
- MAN: (CHUCKLES) Anytime.
- ARNAUD: You're about
as subtle as you're told.
- HUGO: What?
- AMICIA: Let's see the rest.
Alright, let's try to ask someone here.
- WOMAN: Good work
with the decoration, everyone!
Oh, and if you still want to help...
We need a hand with tonight's feast.
- AMICIA: Good afternoon.
- WOMAN: Hello.
- AMICIA: We've just arrived and...
We heard about...
a-a beach...
With a pond, not too far.
- WOMAN: Hm... That's very specific.
Anyone?
- MAN: Sorry, I really don't know.
- WOMAN 2: Me neither.
- HUGO: There's also a big tree.
- WOMAN: (CHUCKLES) Well...
We have lots of big trees.
You'll find some up on the plateau.
- AMICIA: Thank you, anyway.
- WOMAN: Of course.
- HUGO: Why don't they know?
- ARNAUD: Dreams are tales
of the soul, pipsqueak.
Not of this world.
- AMICIA: We'll ask again.
- MAN: Roasted pork's ready.
Who wants some?
- AMICIA: Hello, sir.
- MAN: Hello, what can I do for you?
Need any spices?
- AMICIA: Maybe later.
We've... been told of a pond of water
with healing properties.
Do you know where it is?
- MAN: Not a clue.
But there are many ways to be blessed
during the Brighter Days.
- AMICIA: Ah... Good to know.
- HUGO: Is there a big bird on this island?
- MAN: (CHUCKLES)
There's a few here and there.
Maybe you'll see them.
- AMICIA: Well, thank you for your time.
- MAN: You're welcome!
- AMICIA: No pond.
Maybe birds. (CHUCKLES)
- HUGO: Yes.
- GUARD: The dancers and musicians
are now in place.
The festivities are about to begin. Come.
- MAN: Ha. Can't wait to see that.
Let's go!
- HUGO: Amicia, can we go too?
- AMICIA: Sure, sounds nice.
- AMICIA: What's over there?
- HUGO: Goats.
- AMICIA: You wanna say hello?
- HUGO: Is she nice?
- GOATKEEPER: Of course, she is.
- AMICIA: Go on.
Don't be afraid.
- HUGO: What's she called?
- GOATKEEPER: Lucinda.
- HUGO: You're a nice goat, Lucinda.
- ARNAUD: She loves you.
- HUGO: Really?
(SCREAMS)
- ARNAUD: There.
That's "I love you" in goat.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
Are you alright?
- HUGO: She screamed to me.
- AMICIA: That's called "bleating".
It's how they talk.
- GOATKEEPER: She's a goat, you know.
That's what they do.
- HUGO: But it's not nice!
- AMICIA: You were scared, that's all.
Let's go.
Thank you, sir.
- GOATKEEPER: Anytime.
- HUGO: Goodbye.
- AMICIA: I must say...
She startled me a bit too.
- ARNAUD: That would actually be
a good way to disorientate an enemy.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
Can't wait to here you bleat in a battle.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES)
Next time, maybe.
- AMICIA: Did you know
goats don't have front teeth?
- ARNAUD: Just like some of my men.
- HUGO: (LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: Should we be worry
about the Count's Army here?
They look pretty quiet.
- ARNAUD: Hm... Different captain.
Different men. Different land.
Don't think so.
- AMICIA: Good.
- HUGO: I hope there will be a dragon man!
- ARNAUD: I'd like to see a dragon man too.
- HUGO: All this wasn't in my dream...
But I love this place!
- AMICIA: It's all so dream-like, yes.
- ARNAUD: Islands could be nice little havens.
But they're fragile ones.
- AMICIA: Oh, don't get gloomy!
- HUGO: Chants!
- AMICIA: They're here.
They must be about to start.
- WOMAN: Please...
Stick to the rhythm, alright Lucy?
No improvisation.
- LUCY: I sing for the Child of Embers
and he needs energy!
- MAN: But not that much!
- WOMAN: Alright, focus, please!
We're going soon.
- HUGO: Hurry up!
- MAN 2: Last year was so great.
You think they'll do better?
- WOMAN 2: I know
they've been rehearsing for months.
- MAN 3: I hope they'll cross
the main square, once again.
It's the best moment.
- AMICIA: Who is this
Child of Embers anyway?
- ARNAUD: A local deity, obviously.
It's Saint John's week on the continent...
-The summer solstice.
So it's  probably all about
fertility and prosperity.
- HUGO: Is he... magical?
- ARNAUD: He's a god.
Pagan one.
- AMICIA: Peaceful one.
- HUGO: Yes.
(DISTANT DRUMMING)
Oh! Dancers!
Amicia, dancers!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) I see that.
You know how to dance this, Arnaud?
- ARNAUD: Do I look like it?
- AMICIA: You never know.
- HUGO: I'd like to see you dance!
- ARNAUD: (SCOFFS)
You're thirty years too late, lad.
- HUGO: I'll imagine it then.
- WOMAN: The Walk of Devotion has begun!
The procession is coming!
- HUGO: Amicia, quick!
- WOMAN: Blessed be the Child of Embers.
Blessed be the Mother.
- HUGO: They're here! HELLO!!!
- MAN: Huh, hello!
- AMICIA: We're just in time.
- HUGO: Wow!
- WOMAN: Say, would you like
to bless them with flowers?
- HUGO: I just throw some at them?
- WOMAN: That's it!
- HUGO: Like this?
Blessed be the Child!
Wait, I'll bless the dancers too!
- AMICIA: Hugo!
- HUGO: Blessed be everyone!!
- ARNAUD: (LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLE AWKWARDLY)
Oh Lord...
- HUGO: It's done!
Thank you!
- AMICIA: Sorry about that!
- WOMAN: Oh, don't be!
He was true to his heart!
Now they're blessed from many many years.
- ARNAUD: You're a savage, shorty.
- HUGO: Let's follow the parade!
- AMICIA: Sure...
Let's go wreak havoc somewhere else.
- HUGO: I like blessing people!
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
I really wonder why.
- HUGO: They're up there!
Quick quick!
- AMICIA: Calm down.
We'll catch up with them.
Look! You can see our boat!
- HUGO: I wish Sophia was here.
- ARNAUD: She'll come.
She never ###.
- AMICIA: Come, or we'll miss our singers.
- MAN: Blessed is the Mother!
- WOMAN 1: Blessed is the Mother!
- WOMAN 2: The Mother is about to speak!
- AMICIA: A crowd?
- HUGO: What's going on?
- VICTOR: Where is she?
She should've been here already.
- SOLDIER: Er... Ermm... Sorry Sire.
- VICTOR: Alright.
- ARNAUD: Yes...
- VICTOR: You all know me.
I'm not a man of words.
Emilie, your priestess,
she will be here soon.
She will open these Brighter Days
with her beautiful words.
The words of a mother.
The mother of the Child of Embers.
The child who protects this sacred land.
- HUGO: What?
- ARNAUD: It's him, come.
- VICTOR: From the rats of disease and war.
- AMICIA: The rats?
- HUGO: No, wait.
- AMICIA: Hey, what are you doing?
- HUGO: It's because
it's the Count, Amicia.
- ARNAUD: We had a deal!
Call your rats!
- AMICIA: Wait, what?
That was your deal?
You've saved me so he would
murder the Count for you?
- ARNAUD: You survived,
that comes with a price!
- AMICIA: No!
You don't take advantage of a child
and call it "a deal", Arnaud!
We came all this way for him.
You won't ruin that!
- ARNAUD: Fuck it! I don't need you.
- AMICIA: No.
Arnaud!
- VICTOR: I knew it.
- ARNAUD: I won't miss this time.
- VICTOR: I'll take care of him.
Catch the girl.
- AMICIA: No... No!
This is not our fight. Run!
Run, HUGO!
- HUGO: But Arnaud?
- AMICIA: To hell with him!
Goddammit!
Quick!
No NO!
Through here!
Should've seen it coming!
This is why you can't trust people, Hugo!
- HUGO: Nothing ever stays nice.
It always turns bad.
Always.
Why?
- AMICIA: We're going back.
- HUGO: It's too late.
- AMICIA: No.
Things aren't always nice
but you can change them.
- HUGO: How?
- AMICIA: The way we always do. We fight.
We stop Arnaud before he does more damage.
We save your dream.
We need a way back.
A discreet one as possible.
- HUGO: What if... Arnaud is dead?
Or he kill the Count?
- AMICIA: We'll improvise, remember...
- HUGO: We're good at this.
- AMICIA: We bloody are.
We're in a stable.
There has to be something.
This door...
The square should be behind it.
(SIGHS) Locked. Of course.
- HUGO: Look! Up there!
We can climb and pass above the door.
- AMICIA: That's too high.
Let's find something to climb up.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: Be very careful.
- HUGO: Don't worry. I know.
- AMICIA: Hugo?
- HUGO: Here.
- AMICIA: Let's get that cart in place.
By the way,
why did Arnaud attack the Count?
- HUGO: He said that...
It's because of the Count that his shield is broken.
- AMICIA: Good. Now careful.
- SOLDIER: Hurry!
The Count's being attacked!
Go! I'll keep watch for the others!
- AMICIA: Let's try to follow them.
(POTS BREAK)
- SOLDIER: Found you!
- AMICIA: No no! Hurry! Get down!
- SOLDIER: The others are busy.
But my bird's worth three of them!
- AMICIA: A falcon. It's trained to kill.
- HUGO: Can you stop it?
- AMICIA: It's too fast.
It'll get me before I aim.
We need to keep that falcon occupied.
I'll try to lure it away.
We'll move from cover to cover
when it attacks. Get ready!
- SOLDIER: I know where you are!
You've got nowhere to run!
There! Attack!
(WHISTLES)
- HUGO: It's scary!
- AMICIA: But stupid.
Just stick with me and it'll be fine.
- SOLDIER: Quick! (WHISTLES)
- AMICIA: Let's go now! To cover!
- SOLDIER: Finally! Fly! (WHISTLES)
- SOLDIER: Oh... you wanna play that game?
Let's PLAY!!!
- AMICIA: It's so fast!
One mistake and we're done!
- SOLDIER: You'll make a mistake
at some point!
- AMICIA: Count on that!
Yes... we're here!
- HUGO: Let's get out! Quick!
- AMICIA: (SIGH OF RELIEF)
That was close! But we did it!
- HUGO: That bird was awful!
- AMICIA: Now where's that damn Arnaud?
(DISTANT SWORD FIGHT)
- HUGO: Listen... Sword noises.
- AMICIA: Yes... yes!
They're here. The Count's alive!
- HUGO: Can you stop him?
- ARNAUD: Shut up!
I'll kill you like I killed your men!
- HUGO: What do we do?
- ARNAUD: No... No!
You fucking traitor!
- AMICIA: You did this to yourself!
- VICTOR: So this is his army?
A girl and a boy...
- AMICIA: No, wait!
- WOMAN: Victor, stop!
- VICTOR: Emilie.
- EMILIE: Don't get carried away.
She helped.
They're not a threat.
- VICTOR: Of course, my love.
- ARNAUD: I'll kill you bitch Count!
I'll teach you what it is
to lose what you care for.
- VICTOR: You've always been
a disgrace to the knighthood, Arnaud.
That you've been a pain
in my arse for too long.
- EMILIE: Are you alright?
- VICTOR: Lock him up.
I'll handle that later.
So where do you know this beast from?
- AMICIA: We shared a boat
and had time to...
...chat on the way but I didn't know
he was after you, Sire.
- EMILIE: Now, if you're not bandits...
Who are you?
- AMICIA: Amicia.
And this is... Hugo, my brother.
He's a bit afraid.
- EMILIE: Well, don't be.
There was more fright than danger.
These days are dedicated to life and peace.
Would you agree to be our guests for dinner?
- AMICIA: Are you sure? I'm...
- VICTOR: Sure... Emilie's right.
You helped, you deserve it.
- EMILIE: Come with us.
(BIRD CHIRPING)
- AMICIA: Hugo, come.
- EMILIE: So... how do you like our terrace?
- HUGO: This is really your house?
- EMILIE: (CHUCKLES)
This is home!
- AMICIA: It's... incredible!
- EMILIE: Come, come inside.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
♪♪♪
- HUGO: Wow...
It's big!
- EMILIE: It is. And it's only
a small part of the palace.
Oh... Do you fancy some dates
before we show you to your room?
- HUGO: "dates"?
What is it?
- AMICIA: A fruit, Hugo.
- HUGO: Can I?
- EMILIE: Come on.
- AMICIA: Sure, Your Grace.
Please go easy, Hugo.
- HUGO: Yes.
- EMILIE: I know this all looks
pretty formal but please...
Here I'm not Your Grace.
I am The Mother.
I am myself so be yourself.
- VICTOR: Yes, during the Brighter Days,
all the people of La Cuna are one.
United around the Child of Embers.
- EMILIE: So?
- HUGO: I love it!
- VICTOR: (CHUCKLES)
A bond vivence.
- EMILIE: Be careful. They're very rich.
- VICTOR: So where are you from?
- AMICIA: Guyenne.
We fled the war and the plague.
We came here hoping for...
...a better life.
And we heard of this island.
- EMILIE: You were right to come here.
Let's keep going.
You must be tired after this...
...adventure.
- HUGO: It's amazing.
- AMICIA: I know...
Can't wait to see our room.
♪♪♪
- EMILIE: Agnes, go get a room
ready for two, please.
- AGNES: Certainly, Mother.
- HUGO: She's her mummy?
- AMICIA: No. It's symbolic.
- EMILIE: And these are our gardens.
My favourite part.
- AMICIA: Splended.
- VICTOR: Finally, I cleaned to the basins.
- EMILIE: Yes... Aren't they nice?
- VICTOR: You're quite young
for such a long trip.
Where are your parents?
- HUGO: Mummy is somewhere.
But... Dad was killed.
- VICTOR: By who? How?
- AMICIA: Er... Hugo!
- EMILIE: Victor, don't be so... military.
- VICTOR: (CHUCKLES) You know me.
- EMILIE: Come next to me, Hugo.
- HUGO: Yes.
- EMILIE: You see those plants?
Most of them are not from here.
But we manged to make them grow anyway.
- HUGO: They look great.
- EMILIE: Thank to a lot of love and care.
We're just like them, you know.
- HUGO: But you aren't water.
- EMILIE: (LAUGHS)
And we need a good soil, love, and care.
This land is opened to you...
If you wish to... keep growing here.
But of course,
the big sister will decide, right Amicia?
- AMICIA: Thank you so much.
Those were kind and true words.
- EMILIE: Let me show you something else.
Victor.
- VICTOR: Of course, my love.
- AMICIA: Come, Hugo.
- EMILIE: The land here is strong.
The Child of Embers breathes life into it.
We created the Brighter Days to celebrate him.
In the hope he'll come back to us.
As it is foretold...
- VICTOR: To us.
His mother and father.
- EMILIE: And to the people.
We pray to him not as a God.
But as our long seeking child.
We love and revere him.
To revive his flame.
- HUGO: (WHISPERS) Amicia, on the stone!
It's the bird!
- AMICIA: (WHISPERS) Wait.
- EMILIE: Would you pray with me?
You can do it in your own way.
- AMICIA: Sure... Hugo.
- HUGO: I'll pray to the bird.
- EMILIE: The humble flame.
To light his night.
And may he rise...
A sun... A sun...
So bright...
- HUGO: So bright.
- AMICIA: So bright.
- EMILIE: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Shall we go?
- AMICIA: Ah... sorry... Mother.
Could we take some time...
to pray for our Father?
Hugo?
- HUGO: Yes.
- EMILIE: Of course, I understand.
I'll wait for you.
Come when it is done.
- HUGO: Dear Father...
- AMICIA: (WHISPERS)
Hugo. It's really your bird?
Take a good look at it.
- HUGO: Oh...
Yes...
I feel it.
It has the same beak.
And... I just... know it.
- AMICIA: Good. Very good.
Let's go back to them.
And no word about that
to anybody here, alright?
It's our secret.
- HUGO: I know.
- VICTOR: Is evething ready for tomorrow?
- EMILIE: Yes.
The new robes look wonderful.
It will be perfect.
- AMICIA: Excuse me.
- EMILIE: Ah.
Shall we go?
- AMICIA: Sure.
- VICTOR: I must say we appreciate
that you pay ... for the child so willingly.
- AMICIA: Every child...
They're the future of the world.
One child can change everything.
- EMILIE: That is very true.
Go on.
- AMICIA: This is too much.
- VICTOR: Nonesene.
You're our guests.
There's a good dinner being cooked.
- HUGO: A real dinner, Amicia!
- AMICIA: Shhh...
- EMILIE: Oh, we'll need to get you
some new clothes.
It looks like you had a long journey.
- HUGO: Are you going to kill Arnaud?
- AMICIA: Hugo.
- VICTOR: He will be judged.
Although who do bad things are,
and he did a lot.
But...
You will have a chance
to testify if you wish to do so.
- EMILIE: But enough of that.
We'll leave you to rest.
Tomorrow, feel free to enjoy La Cuna.
Brighter Days are the best time for it.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
- HUGO: Thank you.
- EMILIE: (CHUCKLES)
- VICTOR: My lady.
- EMILIE: Beds are great.
Try jumping on them.
- HUGO: Yes... (LAUGHS)
(LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: (LAUGHS)